♪ [music] ♪
In this video, we're going to keep going
with our tags crusade,
but we're going to do the filtering so
that when you click on a specific tag,
you're going to see all of the stores
associated with that one tag.
This is the first time we're doing two
queries inside of one controller method.
So how do we do that? Well, what we could
do is we can say tags equals that,
and we could say const -
if we could spell it right -
'const stores = await store.find'
blah blah blah blah blah.
But the problem with that is that 'await'
does exactly that. It waits, meaning
that we're going to first search for the
tags, then they'll come back. And then
second, we're going to then go and find
the latest ten stores or all of the stores
depending on how we want to do it.
Now, that's not really great, because
that's synchronous, meaning that we
shouldn't be...if these two things are not
dependent on each other,
they should be fired off at the exact same
time, because that's going to be the
absolute fastest. If you're making six
different ajax calls and none of them need
to wait on the other ones, then you should
make them all at the same time,
not wait for one to come back and then do
the second, and then wait for the second
to come back, etc., etc. So what we want
to do instead is to say tags promise
equals, and we'll get rid of this await
here. We're going to bring it back in just
a second. But we put a tags promise into
there, we store the promise,
that's going to fire it off, and then
we're going to make a stores promise for a
similar thing. So it's like const stores
promise is equal to store dot find,
and now we also want to find where the
tags property includes our specific tag.
Actually, we're going to have to bring
this tag variable up above it, because we
need it. So first of all, this will get
our tags list. We did that last time.
Second of all, this will find all of the
stores where the tags property of a store
includes that specific tag. And there's no
weird thing that you have to do here where
it's tags dot includes. If the tag is
wi-fi and the tags array includes wi-fi,
it will filter it out for us. So now we
have these two promises, but we don't have
any of the actual data. So what we can
do in here now is we can await for both
of these things to come back. If this
thing takes one second and this thing
takes half a second, we're going to wait
one second, because that's the slowest
one. So the way that you can wait for
multiple promises to come back is with
something called 'promise.all.' So we can
say 'const result = promise.all,'
pass it an array of promises. So what
are our two promises?
Well, we have a tags promise, and we have
a stores promise, which is going to return
us an array of actual data in
result. Now a couple things again here,
we need to await that promise. So rather
than awaiting each individual one,
we're going to await all of them from
returning, and the result of that is going
to be put into result, okay? So let's
comment out that res.render, and let's
just say 'res.JSON result.' See what
we're dealing with here when we hit this
page. We're on vegetarian. We have three,
a refresh. It should give us first an
array where the first thing of the array
is another array of tags,
good. And then the second thing in the
array is a list of coffee shops that all
have vegetarian in their actual values.
Good. So you could do this.
You could say if our tags equals results
square bracket zero and if our stores
equals alt one where the first thing is
going to be the tags, the second thing is
going to be stores. But again, if you've
taken my ES6 course, you'll know that we
could destructure that result immediately
by instead of saying result,
we simply just destructure it into
variables immediately saying tags and
stores is equal to await promise.alt
tags promise and stores promise.
So, whew! Two queries, each returns a
promise, and we wait for both of them to
come back with await. Then we destructure
them into their own variable called tags
and stores. Now if you say 'res.JSON'
tags, you should just see the tags.
And if you res.JSON these stores, you
should just see the stores.
Good. Good, good, good. But we don't want
to JSON it, we'll bring back this render
function that we have here, and we will
pass along these stores as well.
Good. We'll now refresh this page. We see
vegetarian. We see our list of tags.
That didn't get messed up at all. We can
go back into here, take a quick dump,
pre equals h.dump stores. See there's
our list of possible stores, and now it's
just a templating problem. We've got all
the data to where we want it.
We can just go out and start to template
it. So we'll say dot stores,
each store in stores, and we can reuse our
store card that we made earlier.
Let's go up here and import that stores
card. So we'll say include,
mixins/store card, and
then we can use that mixin here saying
store card, pass the A store. Does that
work? So again, store card is what we used
on the home page, so we could show our
each of our stores. Refresh.
Beautiful. And now I should be able to
flip from one tag page to another, and
it's going to immediately filter all of
those items for us. Now that's not totally
perfect, because if you go to tags page
now, we don't see anything, because there
is no tag specified. So what we can do is
show all of the stores on this tag page
and then when you click through to a
specific tag page, like family friendly,
we'll then filter off for each of those.
So that's what we need to do now.
We take this tag here, and we're going to
take it out, and above here, we're
going to say const tag query is equal to,
it's either going to be the tag or
it's going to be a property that's called
exists true. What this will do is if there
is no tag, it's just going to fall back
to the second query which is, just give
me any store that has a tag property on it
and then it will show us every single
store that has at least one tag on it. And
we take this tag query variable and pass
it in here. So, whew! Let's see what we've
got here. Refresh. There we go.
So now we're showing absolutely everything
that has a tag, then we can filter for
specific ones as we need it there.
♪ [music] ♪